[MUSIC]
Hi everyone, I'm Sarah and
I am a senior program manager on Google's
privacy safety and
security engineering team.
One of the communities I'm most
involved in is a group called
Women in Cybersecurity.
And so I found that community really
helpful to me when I first joined because,
I felt super new and slightly overwhelmed.
I listened to a lot of their webinars,
I kind of look in on
their forum board, now
I always attend their conference and
actually I just joined their board,
which I'm super excited about.
One of the things that I find
most exciting is that ability
to be within cybersecurity
without this long history.
I don't have a computer science degree, I
don't have a masters, I don't have a PhD.
But through networking and figuring
out where my areas of interest lie,
I actually was able to get into this field
and grow and advance within this field.
I've really found that, it is a welcoming
community that is looking and
needs more people to be a part of it.
There's a huge range of people that are
coming into this again with the big wide
range of experiences, and
I think everyone has found or
is exploring what their passions
and the areas they want to dig in.
Networking is really important to be able
to meet peers who might be at the same
stage as you or people who might
have hiring opportunities.
I definitely recommend connecting with
your peers in the certificate program,
it's a great form of motivation for
yourself and to motivate others.
Having these points where you're either
talking about the specific content or
just doing a check in is
going to be really helpful for
you to continue through
the course program
and to help others continue through
the course program as well.
There's also the series of conferences
that exist called BSides. So
these are super informal security
conferences that take place in
communities around the world.
Many also have virtual components.
They're kind of a fun
place to meet people.
A big piece of advice is,
to not let yourself get overwhelmed, and
don't feel nervous that you don't know
all the answers, because you know what,
nobody knows all the answers.
It's okay to come into this with not
a ton of background in computer science,
not a ton of background
in tech and still,
you will bring value to the field.